Now, there is one last thing I want
to cover when we talk about styling
and that will be media queries.
Media queries, of course, often are important
to get the right look.
At the moment, if we preview this in a mobile device here,
let's say the Pixel 2, doesn't matter which one you use,
this is how it looks like, let me zoom in a bit.
This is how it looks like and that's definitely all right.
Right, of course, you might want to add more
to make this look good on mobile
but, from a pure styling perspective, that looks good.
Nothing is going beyond the edges, so that looks okay.
But maybe we want to make sure
that this button actually spans
the entire width, if we're on a small device.
And only takes the space it needs,
if we're not on a mobile device.
And that would be a scenario,
where we might want to use a media query.
So, let's go back to the button,
and how can we now add a media query here
when we're using style components?
It's actually super simple,
you just add your media query here,
@media, and define your criteria.
For example, min-width 768 pixels.
And now you just put the styles
into that media query that should affect this element
when that condition here is met.
That's all, you need no selector in there, nothing else,
just the styles that should be applied to this component,
if this condition here for this media query is met.
So, here that is actually now the media query
for big devices, non-mobile devices,
and there I wanna set the width to auto.
The default width, so if the media query is not met,
can be set to 100% and up there.
And as a result, if we save this,
we have that big button here on mobile.
But if I go to a bigger screen here,
by zooming out a bit, you see now
the button only takes as much space as it needs.
And keep in mind I'm zoomed in here,
so that you can see things a bit better,
which is why, for me, I have to drag quite
a bit to go to this big screen mode.
But this is now a media query in action
and it's in action with the help of style components.
So, style components, definitely a nice package
for, well, styling components and ensuring
that components really only affect
the styles on which you set them up.